Hi🅱️🅱️opotamous (#1)
RIT-EVT/HIB: README.md

# REV3-HIB

## Introduction

> Handlebar Interface Board (HIB). This board is capable of taking an analog input from the potentiometer based throttle and converting it to a digital signal with the use of an SPC58 microcontroller. This board is used to turn the throttle signal into a signal interpretable by the motor controller. There are ADCs for Throttle functionality, Braking functionality, and a button to start the motorcycle. All of these are feed into a Can loopback for validation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Handlebar Interface Board (HIB). This board is capable of taking an analog input from the potentiometer based throttle and converting it to a digital signal with the use of an STM32 microcontroller. This board is used to read the analog throttle signal and transmit it as a CAN message. There are ADCs for throttle and brake functionality. The board also has CAN loopback hardware for self-testing.
```
